c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\bin\Debug\Ejemplo Snap View.exe
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\bin\Debug\Ejemplo Snap View.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\bin\Debug\Ejemplo Snap View.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\SnapView.g.i.cs
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\SnapView.g.cs
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\SnapView.xaml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\Ejemplo Snap View.exe
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\Ejemplo Snap View.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ejemplo Snap View\Ejemplo Snap View\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
