c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\bin\Debug\Assets\Logo.png
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\bin\Debug\Assets\SmallLogo.png
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\bin\Debug\Assets\SplashScreen.png
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\bin\Debug\Assets\StoreLogo.png
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\bin\Debug\Assets\LightGray.png
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\bin\Debug\Assets\MediumGray.png
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\bin\Debug\Assets\DarkGray.png
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\bin\Debug\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable.exe
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\bin\Debug\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable.pdb
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\bin\Debug\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.cs
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.cs
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.cs
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.xaml
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.xaml
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.xaml
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable.exe
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable.pdb
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\jav.000\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\Ejemplo_GridView_Variable\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
